the heads of several un agencies welcome
the 4-day ceasefire for Gaza noting that
women and children have made up 2third
of the casualties there but bombs aren't
the only danger they face in addition to
bombs rockets and gunfire gaza's
children are at extreme risk from
catastrophic living conditions 1 million
children or really all the children
inside the territory are now food
insecure facing what could soon become a
catastrophic nutrition crisis children
many of whom have lost or been separated
from family make up more than half of
the 1.7 million Palestinians who've been
displaced by fighting the Secretary
General called Gaza a graveyard for
children with on
average5 of them dying each day there
and another 12200 or more still
estimated to be under the rubble the
head of the un's agency for children
says there's no place in the world today
more dangerous for them in the next
month 5,500 women are expected to give
birth with little to no medical
assistance 180 women are delivering
babies every day without water without
painkillers without anesthesia for
C-sections without electricity for
incubators and without medical supplies
yet they continue to care for their
children for the sick for the elderly
mixing baby formula with contaminated
water when they find it going without
food so that their children can live
another day the UN Security Council put
the focus on women and children passing
a resolution calling for sustained
pauses in the fighting to get them Aid
and the release of all those held
captive by Hamas but un agencies say the
most vulnerable will continue to suffer
until there's an end to the fighting
Kristen salumi Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer